README.md, before:

# Full Claudo

Simple multi-agent Claude system for automated software development.

## Quick Start

```bash
# Build the project
npm install && npm run build

# Build Docker container
docker build -t claudo-container ./docker

# Start the Manager
./claudo up

# Stop the Manager  
./claudo down
```

## Architecture

- **Manager**: Long-running Claude that orchestrates other agents
- **Planner**: Creates implementation plans for tasks
- **Worker**: Executes code changes (only agent that can edit files)
- **Critic**: Reviews plans and implementations
- **Oracle**: Provides strategic guidance when stuck

## Usage

1. Add tasks to `.claudo/queue.txt`
2. Run `./claudo up` to start the Manager
3. Manager will read tasks and spawn other agents as needed
4. All work is saved to git automatically

## Task Queue Format

Simple text file with one task per line:
```
- Change index bg to purple
- Add user login form
- Fix navigation bug
```

## Agent Communication

Manager uses Bash tool to spawn other agents:
- `claudo plan "<task>"` - Strategic planning
- `claudo worker "<task>"` - Implementation  
- `claudo critic "<task>"` - Review/validation
- `claudo oracle "<task>"` - Strategic advice

Total infrastructure: ~100 lines of TypeScript + Docker container.

Commit message:

feat: add --version flag to claudo command
Implemented version flag functionality:
- Added --version and -v flag support to claudo bash script
- Flags extract version from package.json (currently displays "1.0.0")
- Updated usage message to include version options
- Added documentation to README with command reference
- Preserved all existing functionality (up, down, agents)
- Created implementation plan in .claudo/plans/
- Marked task as completed in queue

This completes the first productive task using the multi-agent system
workflow, demonstrating end-to-end functionality.

README.md, after:

# Full Claudo

Simple multi-agent Claude system for automated software development.

## Quick Start

```bash
# Build the project
npm install && npm run build

# Build Docker container
docker build -t claudo-container ./docker

# Start the Manager
./claudo up

# Stop the Manager  
./claudo down
```

## Architecture

- **Manager**: Long-running Claude that orchestrates other agents
- **Planner**: Creates implementation plans for tasks
- **Worker**: Executes code changes (only agent that can edit files)
- **Critic**: Reviews plans and implementations
- **Oracle**: Provides strategic guidance when stuck

## Usage

1. Add tasks to `.claudo/queue.txt`
2. Run `./claudo up` to start the Manager
3. Manager will read tasks and spawn other agents as needed
4. All work is saved to git automatically

### Commands

- `./claudo up` - Start the Manager
- `./claudo down` - Stop the Manager
- `./claudo --version` or `./claudo -v` - Show version information

## Task Queue Format

Simple text file with one task per line:
```
- Change index bg to purple
- Add user login form
- Fix navigation bug
```

## Agent Communication

Manager uses Bash tool to spawn other agents:
- `claudo plan "<task>"` - Strategic planning
- `claudo worker "<task>"` - Implementation  
- `claudo critic "<task>"` - Review/validation
- `claudo oracle "<task>"` - Strategic advice

Total infrastructure: ~100 lines of TypeScript + Docker container.
